Update the status of the document in readme (#402)
w3c/distributed-tracing: README.md

# Trace Context Specification

> This repository is associated with the [Trace

Reviewer: (It actually is or at least contains the specification and is not just associated with it)

> Context](https://www.w3.org/TR/trace-context/) specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Context](https://www.w3.org/TR/trace-context/) specification,
which specifies a distributed tracing context propagation format.
```

[Trace Context v1](https://www.w3.org/TR/trace-context-1/) has [W3C Recommendation](https://www.w3.org/2019/Process-20190301/#rec-publication) status.

> The next version of specification is being developed in this repositoy. Specification for distributed tracing context propagation format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next version of specification is being developed in this repository.
```

I moved the sentence up, otherwise it looks a bit lost.

> - Trace Context [Report](https://w3c.github.io/trace-context/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current draft of the Trace Context Specification from this repository's master branch is published to  https://w3c.github.io/trace-context/.
```

> - Rationale [document](http_header_format_rationale.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explanations and justification for decisions made in this specification are written down in the [Rationale document](http_header_format_rationale.md).
```
